Last but not least we have the border.
And again if we're checking our image we notice that the border is going to be around our edge.
So who's going to be able to control how the border of our element looks like we're going to head over
back to our sources.
And let's start with having one now for sharing one again.
We just need to type the border and then we'll going to have multiple options to choose from what we
are looking for first is going to be border style.
So what kind of style of the border is going to be.
I'm not going to cover all these options.
It doesn't make sense in most cases you are going to go probably with something like south.
But we are going to look at I believe dashed or dated just to give you a kind of a taste of a different
border.
So first we're going to go with style and what kind of style of the border.
This is going to be then the moment we're going to save it.
Notice that I'm getting right now my solid border all around my own blossom.
Everything is working fine and then we're going to be looking for the border and the property here is
going to be with.
So what would be the width of that border.
Again we can use our yams.
We can use the pixels.
And I'm just gonna go with pixels and let's say I don't know ten pixels should cover.
I have a black beautiful border around my head in one and probably the last one what I would like to
show you is the fact of not only style not only with but we can change the color.
I would say border color and then what we're looking for.
Again we can use our G.B..
We can use our GBI could use hex colors.
We can use the Net color names whatever whatever you would like whatever your heart desires.
In my case I'm gonna go with I don't know.
Something like pink just so we can see better what's happening.
And I think that is the best case because it's kind of bright let me do the yellow on which obviously
also doesn't really work.
I mean something.
OK.
The green one is going to work fine enough.
One of those is gonna have this all around.
Awesome.
What we have next.
Well next we would like to cover what happens if I don't want to type this just like this where each
and every time I have the property done I look for value.
So if we know already with padding and margin we have the shortcuts.
What do you think that I'm trying to show you right now.
I think you would probably guessing that there is some kind of a shorter version how we can write and
sure enough there is no way we're going to write this we're going to save water and then the actual
syntax here matters.
So the order will gonna matter.
So first we're gonna be looking for the width of the border.
So let's say in my case we're gonna go with I don't know 10 pixels but you know let's change it.
Otherwise you're gonna think that all the borders have to be ten pixels.
So first is going to be the with that and we're gonna be looking for what kind of borders this is gonna
be.
So in our case this has been resolved and now we're looking for the color.
Now what would be the color.
I don't know.
Let's try maybe a yellow one here.
Let's say yellow.
Excellent.
We have our border and we didn't have to use all the property.
Now there's also the option of let's say you don't want Borel around you're like looking at it in your
listing.
Well I have this specific element where I don't want the border all around how it can do this.
Why he's just showing me all the options of all around the border.
I mean no fear we can do that also to come and this out just so you can have the reference all three
of them in the moment.
I say it.
Obviously there's no more.
But we have the other options.
And again I'm not gonna show you for each and every side but we can maybe test it out with let's say
bottom let's red border.
Now what we're looking for.
Well we're looking for border and then the side we would like to stop.
Let's say we're looking for border bottom style like I promised before we were going to look at different
options.
So let's go with dashed.
Let's see how that is going to work out.
Then we also have a thing for with so let's red border and you probably get the gist already bottom
then the West is gonna be I don't know five pixels hopefully you're gonna be able to see and border
bottom with or bottom color.
Let's try hashtag let's say hashtag.
I don't know.
2 2 2.
Let's see how this is gonna work out.
And you and I have my nice dashboard.
Now that is easy it says Box model.
Again this is gonna be very important because you will gonna use it a lot whether it is for layout whether
this is just gonna be for styling so if you're maybe not comfortable with some of these properties here
maybe again rewind the videos practice a little bit more because you will gonna use this a lot.